Getting started docs (#288)
repaygithub/cactus: docs/README.md

An application framework and design system built in React at [REPAY](https://github.com/repaygithub).

## Getting Started

> To review the documentation for `@repay/create-ui` visit [this link](../Getting-Started/README.md)

Reviewer: We could then change this to something like:
```suggestion
To get started with a brand new UI application, visit [this link](../Getting-Started/README.md).  For guidance on using Cactus with an existing application, browse the module documentation and the example applications linked below.
```
